alright so there we have it there we
have it tyler getting the king of learn
and make up with that ite what the
family every lie of never tried this
mccormick hi domingo reyes from real
home cooking calm coming back at you
once again with another wonderful recipe
today what we're going to be doing is
we're going to be making some pork and
chicken jerk skewers and we're going to
be putting that on our grill grill is
getting hot and ready right now so what
I'm going to be doing I got I've got
three chicken breasts now these these we
call them sis kebabs as well so I've got
my sis kebab of three long scores that
we can use well I have three chicken
breasts so I'm going to cut those up
right now and two nice big chunks that I
can put on the scores I guess I want to
make them about about one HR all the way
around somewhere around that i'm going
to add that to my bowl
and then i have the same thing with the
port what kind of pork i'm using is the
bonus country-style ribs tho those work
very well alright so I've got about a
pound of that yes that's actually a lot
I mean for what I'm going to be doing
with just three scores but i'm gonna i'm
going to make more than that a beautiful
thing about this is you can you can just
keep keep making them to you know till
you run out of schools or run out of
meat run out of vegetables etc sister
bombs are wonderful they're a wonderful
thing for the summertime beautiful
simple ready to eat i'm actually going
to be making mine with serving on a on a
bed of rice this because that's what i
want to do but today i'm going to try
this mccormick jerk seats jamaican jerk
seasoning this is a rub seasoning mix
rabbit i'm just going to try that too
then i'm gonna throw myself a little bit
of garlic powder on there
actually has a pretty good smell I'm
going to throw a little bit of lemon
juice just dash of that acidity in there
I'm going to throw a little bit of my
body I complete seasoning just a little
sprinkle up not much and
gonna you know what that message to that
I have some going to just mix all that
together it's all those seasonings up
and what's what you're going to want to
do is let let this sit for at least an
hour and then cook it but you can also
leave it in overnight as well to
maximize the flavor and now for the
vegetables all right I'm going to be
using some zucchini beautiful thing
about these shish kebabs you can make
them however you want them I'm just
going to I'm not going to take all the
skin off i'm just gonna make the design
let's get off I'm gonna make those into
about half-inch sized pieces now I've
got some I've got a package of button
button mushrooms I've already washed
them already I'm gonna just going to
take the the insides out it stems out
and i'm going to put those in there I've
got myself a half of a green pepper I'm
going to cut those into some nice
half-inch pieces as well
I love grilled vegetables so this
combination of the groove and grow
vegetables is just wonderful I think
that's fine the best way to eat
vegetables grown I look growth anything
it doesn't take much all right and then
I have a tomato now tomato I bought one
is a little bit firm because I obviously
I don't want it falling off of my school
it's not i mean it is it's not it's not
over right and it's not under right it's
just right but I want to make sure it
stays on the score grilled tomatoes 114
all right the last thing I'm going to do
is get myself a nice onion and this is a
regalia onion let me give an extra
dollar onion and I'm going to going to
make that make some nice pieces that fit
on too much school a while
all right now to my vegetables what I'm
going to do I'm going to take some olive
oil and I'm going to drizzle some olive
oil all over my vegetables I'm going to
take a little bit more my lemon juice
will just dash that over there win a
total garlic powder on there and then a
little bit of salt and black pepper and
I'm just going to take a little bit of
that jamaican jerk seasoning and just
lightly a little bit on there as well
quick mix
hmm alright so now Stuart I'm school
time mmm so I'm going to take some
chicken pork take myself on these nice
little mushrooms
tomato
King up this bunion one egg green pepper
just go ahead and just start assembling
the where way you want whoever you want
some meat vegetables
we're putting these on the grill and
make sure you have your grill hot and
then also make sure that it is nice and
oiled we don't want these sticking and
ripping as you're trying to flip them
around so you've got that you've got
them on the grill all right so I've been
leaving it on here been out here about
15 minutes already I just keep rotating
it want to make sure and I don't stay on
one side for too long doesn't get burned
up or anything like that but what are
things I don't want you to make sure if
you got big chunks of move I'm going to
make sure they get cooked all the way to
the center you want you may want to use
a thermometer your pork should be at 170
and your chicken at 185 in order for it
to be done cook you don't want to get
anybody sick so make sure you check
those temperatures and see you back
inside and woke up a few more minutes
alright so there we have it there we
have it beautiful beautiful I'm going to
I'm going to tell you what I have never
tried this McCormick seasoning but I'm
telling me right now look this thing is
the bomb I have never tried this
McCormick jamaican jerk seasoning but it
is the bomb I would suggest you go out
and get that this was the perfect thing
for what i was doing here so i'm just
going to pretend like that's what i was
expecting to do all along beautiful
beautiful beautiful meal I hope you
enjoy it matter of fact I know if you do
this I know you will enjoy it Domingo
Reyes real home cooking com see you next
time for another wonderful recipe please
subscribe to my channel please please
please subscribe to my channel please
subscribe to my channel out
it's time to burn get in the kitchen I
learn and make a treat that's great to
eat for the family every loan cooking
calm